Add documentation for debian repository (#938)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: wiki/en/Installation-for-Linux.md

### Debian and Ubuntu

#### Using the official Repository (recommended)

> We provide a repository for Debian and Ubuntu based distribution which allows automatic updates alongside your system updates. To use the repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide a repository for Debian and Ubuntu based distributions that allows automatic updates alongside your other system updates. To use the repository:
```

1. Open your Terminal (CTRL+ALT+T should work)
1. *Ubuntu only* - Enable the Ubuntu "universe" repository (you can use the [GUI-based approach](https://askubuntu.com/a/148645) or [CLI-based approach](https://askubuntu.com/a/227788)).

> 1. Download the repository setup script: `curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/main/linux/setup_repo.sh > setup_repo.sh`

Reviewer: @ann0see where does `setup_repo.sh` live on Github, by the way?

1. Make the script executable: `chmod +x setup_repo.sh`
1. Run the setup script and install Jamulus: `sudo ./setup_repo.sh && sudo apt install jamulus`

#### Installing the .deb files manually

1. Download Jamulus for your architecture: [amd64]({{ site.download_root_link }}{{ site.download_file_names.deb-gui }}), [armf]({{ site.download_root_link }}{{ site.download_file_names.deb-gui-armhf }}) or [arm64]({{ site.download_root_link }}{{ site.download_file_names.deb-gui-arm64 }})
1. *Ubuntu only* - Enable the Ubuntu "universe" repository (you can use the [GUI-based approach](https://askubuntu.com/a/148645) or [CLI-based approach](https://askubuntu.com/a/227788)).
1. Update apt by opening a console window (CTRL+ALT+T should work) and type: `sudo apt-get update`
1. Go to where you downloaded the installer and either double-click on it, or use the command line: `sudo apt install ./{{ site.download_file_names.deb-gui }}` (or for Raspberry Pi etc. as above)
1. Once installed, you can delete the file and close any console windows.

> **Upgrades:** If you need to upgrade Jamulus to a newer version and install Jamulus manually, just download the new .deb file and re-install as above.

Reviewer 2: _or_ install Jamulus manually?

Author: The repository handles automatic upgrades so it should be an and
